 1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    Html is a web development language. 
    
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    It is used to display data in a graphical form
    
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
      Attributes are words used to control the elements behavior they are placed at the start tag
    
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    H1 is used as a header. It should only be used one time.
    
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    src and img
      
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    A title 
   
    7. What is an id? 
    Id's are titles 
    
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
     Any element 
    
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    Once in a document 
    
    10. What is a class?
    A class is like and Id only it can be used as often as possible 
    
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    section
    
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    as often as you like 
    
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
  right click and choose open link in new tab

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
   The Alt attribute specifies and alterante text for an image
    
    15. How do I reference an id?
    You would need the hastag character and the id element 
    
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    The Div element is a container used for grouping HTML elements together. The section is used to define a section in a document
    
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    CSS is used to describes the presentation of web pages such as colors, layouts, and fonts.
    
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    You would need a . and then the name of class
    
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    Id can be used only to identify one element and Class can be used to identify more than one element 
    
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    To select a class in CSS use a (.) followed by the name of the class
    
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    We would use . <p> human
    
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    The ("parent > child") selector selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element.
    It is useful when you want to make chages to a certain element
 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    A pseudo selector selects elements that are in a specific state
    
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    Changes the line height attribute 
   
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    we would use the letter spacing command letter-spacing: 2px

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    object.style.textTransform = "uppercase";
    
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div .box { border: 1px black; }
    
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* this is a comment*/
    
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    git status
   
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
   
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm 
   
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    This will prevent overlapping and mistakes in a file or project 
    
    35. How often should I commit to github?
     You should commit after every change 
    
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -origin 'branch name'
    
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
     Fork, Add Collaborators, Clone, Go to Terminal, Use the git clone command, create your own branch, add files, using the touch command, 
use the git add to make the changes commit ready, use the git command -m  command to save the changes, push your changes, then submit a pull request

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    Inline elements do not force new lines in the flow. Block elements do cause a line break to occur but they can be changed in CSS. 

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    An element positioned in this way will always stay the same

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    You would set its position to absolute 
